This is the cervical spine T2 weighted image showing sagittal and axial images. 
Looking more closely at the sagittal image, this is a mid-sagittal plane. 
We see the cervical spine starting at C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, T1. 
These are the vertebral bodies and this is the disc space. 
This is the C2, C3, C4, C5, C6, C7, C7, T1. 
The disc space shows hyperintensity at most levels indicating a healthy disc. 
At the C3, C4 disc space, there's slight hypointensity within the disc space suggesting there's some degenerative disease within that disc. 
Posteriorly, we have the spinous processes indicated here. 
And medial, we see the cerebellum, the medulla aspect of the brainstem coming down into the cervical spinal cord here. 
There's CSF around the spinal cord. 
In the mid-sagittal plane, it looks like there's no stenosis or any area that is causing impingement of the spinal cord. 
We also see looking both anterior and posterior, we see that there's good alignment of the cervical spine with normal lordosis. 
Now looking more closely at the axial. 
As we move down the axial slices, we also notice that there is CSF completely around the spinal cord suggesting no central stenosis. 
This is the C2, C3 level. Here is the spinous process. 
This is the spinal cord and this is CSF around the spinal cord. 
We're at the level of the disc space so this is the disc. 
And you can see the neuroforamen here laterally. 
And if we zoom in, we can see the nerve roots. 
This is the dorsal sensory root. This is the ventral motor root going into the neuroforamen. 
Starting at the C2, C3 level, at the level where you can see the neuroforamen laterally moving from superior to inferior. 
See that the foramen is open at C3, C4, C5, C6. 
You can also see the vertebral arteries here lateral to the vertebral body. 
Looking more closely again, we see the spinous process, spinal cord, CSF, vertebral body, or I'm sorry, the vertebral artery and the vertebral body posterior. 
Here we can see the pedicle and the lateral mass. 
Moving laterally. 
Again we see the vertebral body, the pedicle and the facet joint here. 
This is the posterior aspect of the lateral mass. 
You see the neuroforamen here, the nerve roots coming through. 
As we move further laterally, we see the vertebral artery as well.